Added API contract for Log and Cache APIs (#85)
Real-Dev-Squad/website-api-contracts: logs/README.md

# Logs

## Log object

```
{
    type: string,
    meta: object,
    body: object
    timestamp: object
}
```

## **Requests**

|               Route               |                      Description                       |
| :-------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------: |
| [GET /logs/cache](#get-logscache) | Returns the cache logs and its count of last 24 hours  |

> | [GET /logs/:type](#get-logstype)  | Returns all logs according to the provided type of log |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [GET /logs/:type](#get-logstype)  | Returns all logs according to the provided query & params|
```

Author: Made the change

---

## **GET /logs/cache**

Returns the cache logs and its count of last 24 hours.

- **Params**  
  None
- **Query**  
  None
- **Body**  
  None
- **Headers**  
  None
- **Cookie**  
  rds-session: `<JWT>`

- **Success Response:**

  - **Code:** 200
    - **Content:**
    ```
    {
        message: "Cache Logs returned successfully!",
        count: <LOGS_COUNT>,
        logs: [[Log Object 1](#log-object), [Log Object 2](#log-object)....],
    }
    ```

- **Error Responses:**
  - **Code:** 401
    - **Content:**
    ```
    {
        "statusCode": 401,
        "error": "Unauthorized",
        "message": "Unauthenticated User"
    }
    ```
  - **Code:** 500
    - **Content:**
    ```
    {
        "statusCode": 500,
        "error": "Internal Server Error",
        "message": "Something went wrong. Please contact admin"
    }
    ```

## **GET /logs/:type**

**Note :**

- This API can only be accessed by super user

Returns all logs according to the provided **type** of log.

- **Params**  
  None
- **Query**  

>   None

Reviewer: We are sending both right?

Author: Yeah, made the change, let me know if anything needs to be corrected

# Logs

## Log object

```json
{
  "type": "string",
  "meta": "object",
  "body": "object",
  "timestamp": "object"
}
```

## **Requests**

|               Route               |                      Description                       |
| :-------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------: |
| [GET /logs/cache](#get-logscache) | Returns the cache logs and its count of last 24 hours  |
| [GET /logs/:type](#get-logstype)  | Returns all logs according to the provided type of log |

---

## **GET /logs/cache**

Returns the cache logs and its count of last 24 hours.

- **Params**  
  None
- **Query**  
  None
- **Body**  
  None
- **Headers**  
  None
- **Cookie**  
  rds-session: `<JWT>`

- **Success Response:**

  - **Code:** 200

    - **Content:**

    **Note: **LOGS_COUNT is a number

    ```json
    {
      "message": "Cache Logs returned successfully!",

>       "count": "<LOGS_COUNT>",

Reviewer 2: Type annotation missing. I can see the note above, but it defeats the purpose of creating these object interfaces.

Author: I wanted to give a placeholder to the count but with JSON formatting, it was highlighted as red (not recognized)
What should be the correct way to mention the type annotation ??
```
"count": "<LOGS_COUNT> => number"
```
OR
Instead of placeholder it can put a value
```
"count": 0
```

Author: Made a type annotation instead of random strings
```
"count": "number"
```

      "logs": ["<LOG_OBJECT>", "<LOG_OBJECT>...."]
    }
    ```

- **Error Responses:**
  - **Code:** 401
    - **Content:**
    ```json
    {
      "statusCode": 401,
      "error": "Unauthorized",
      "message": "Unauthenticated User"
    }
    ```
  - **Code:** 500
    - **Content:**
    ```json
    {
      "statusCode": 500,
      "error": "Internal Server Error",
      "message": "Something went wrong. Please contact admin"
    }
    ```

## **GET /logs/:type**

**Note :**

- This API can only be accessed by super user

Returns all logs according to the provided queries and params.

> - **Params**  

Reviewer 2: What is the difference between params and query?

Author: Ah, I see here (in the `/logs/:type` API), that this can also be achieved by the queries `?type=<TYPE_OF_LOG>`, there is no need for this route maybe now as we are only filtering out the data with `type` and this route can rename to `/logs` only.
But not sure why @pallabez made it that way
PR for the same
https://github.com/Real-Dev-Squad/website-backend/pull/526

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Below are my thoughts for arriving at the above conclusion**

I do not know the exact definition but can explain it with examples.
Params and queries both can be attached to routes and are used for searching out data, but here params target the specific property in the data present 
**For example:**
Here, we have attached `: type` to the route, so in the log object, we can see there is a `type` property present so we filter out data according to the type here. Also, a general example can be, 
Suppose we have 10 users which have an API, `/users` and each user has their own unique id, now we want complete data of a specific user, so here we can use param as id `/users/:id` and extract out that specific user
```
{
  "type": "string",
  "meta": "object",
  "body": "object",
  "timestamp": "object"
}
```
whereas queries kind of does the same thing........

Author: Changed the heading to `Path Params` to get more clear picture
